Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
♪ Right from the droplet it creeps inside ♪
♪ Right through the whole soul it sliths for a prey ♪
♪ While you were wandered for strings I strum ♪
♪ It murmurs n whispers n grows up to crawl as... ♪
♪ Redback. redback. redback. redback... ♪
♪  ♪
♪ While you dip into lies n thrills ♪
♪ While you drink up the residual chill ♪
♪ You feel like a venomous flow inside ♪
♪ Lurking and look up n see
me just smiling n screaming as ♪
♪ Redback. redback. redback. redback... ♪
'PROLOGUE: THE PERKS OF BEING A SUBJECTIVE NIHILIST'
Hello.
OK. Sir!
That's not a problem. sir
I will come soon. okay
That was Kumar Sir.
He said that I must go there urgently.
-Again?
-Yeah!
What can I do if he says so?
Let me go there and check.
Then. won’t you be
coming back today?
I'll call you once I get there.
Hmm!
Why did you get down without informing me?
Mom said that Deepu will
come tomorrow evening...So.
If he is at home. I cannot
leave home like this!
Coming down like this won’t be possible.
So. I thought I would come down right away.
I see!
I told them I needed the
room in the lodge for next week.
But now that I said it's urgent.
they agreed to give me the room.
Did you enquire about renting the house?
I have already discussed it with them.
They said that it will take a little...
more time for the tenants to vacate.
Until then. we can adjust in the lodge
Okay
Now. the biggest challenge is...
to discuss my wife about the divorce.
I haven't told her anything yet.
You write a detailed letter...
before leaving the house. didn't you?
Huh. yeah!
After the demise of Babu...
I've never thought about a marriage again.
It was only after meeting you...
that everything changed for me.
Isn't that the same for me now?
I was someone who lived respectfully
with my wife and children.
and now I've ended up here.
sleeping with you
Are you feeling bad about it?
What do you feel about it?
News: Anbunilayam Senthilkumar.
who hacked his own brother to
death because of property
dispute in Kottaipadi. Nagercoil.
Still. how can someone even
do something like this?
Like how?
See. killing his own brother means...
All that could have been
done to get their property.
Still. is it the right thing
to kill a person for all these?
There are many people out there
who do such things.
and we hear countless news
reports about it every day.
That's all true. but...
seeing all this makes me uncomfortable.
But not everyone is like us.
Sometimes. in certain situations.
some people...
might end up killing others
for certain reasons
Hey. then what about you?
I too have done similar killings.
Did you?
Yea. of course!
It could be either a snake or a rat.
Let me give an example.
You know my wife. Anita
She is a pretty lady.
with a pretty good character.
My children too mean a lot to me.
You know the car we came
in today. the Honda?
That car is my life.
I married her after receiving a decent
amount of dowry. including that car.
So. rather than divorcing her.
If I think it would be better
to just leave you instead.
what’s wrong with that?
There's no need to kill me just for that.
If you tell me openly.
I’ll step aside. right?
Will you really step aside like that?
Why not?
Oh!
Even if you step aside...
I may not get the satisfaction
that comes from killing you.
What kind of satisfaction is that?
Don't you know that?
Now. imagine a mosquito lands on you...
we can just snap and kill it
that's real satisfaction.
Don't they kill a chicken to cook curry?
there's a certain satisfaction in that too
But when we kill a snake
that comes to bite us.
it feels even more satisfying.
Why is that?
No idea!
Risk!
The greater the Risk.
the greater the satisfaction.
Do you know what gives
you the most satisfaction...
when you kill something?
You're about to say it's when killing an
elephant that comes to attack. right?
No!
Then?
The greatest pleasure is...
when you kill a human!
Are you trying to say that
you're going to kill me now?
Of course!
Do you expect me to just
stand there and get killed?
Isn't all that very easy?
How is  that?
How is that?
Look!
By taking this shawl like this...
Like this...
Wrap it around the neck and pull once.
Then tighten it!
Enough!
Biju!
Biju chetta!
'KALAMKAVAL'
Good Morning. Sir!
Hey. what brings you here
so early in the morning?
Actually. I just wanted to
know the status of...
the communal riot in Kottayikkonam.
The issues there are already solved.
there's no problem now
But sir. our local reporter said...
there's a possibility of
another issue arising there
You reporters going there and
reporting is the biggest issue.
and that problem is under our control now.
Also. I have appointed someone
to assess the situation there.
Oh! Who is it. sir?
Pradeep. I can't explain
everything in detail like that.
Do one thing. call me tomorrow morning
Actually. it would be good to know
if it's from the Special Branch.
Oh. my dear Pradeep!
Knowing where it's from doesn't matter
Even if you try to be sweet to them....
you won't get even a
single scoop from there.
Sir. is it Nath who has been sent?
Yea.
It's Nath only.
'I: THE CURIOUS CASE OF KOTTAYIKKONAM'
'KOTTAIKONAM POLICE STATION'
What's the problem here?
It's the quarry issue in Parathil.
I see.
Isn't Sub inspector Babu sir there?
Yes. but who are you?
I'm coming from Thiruvananthapuram...
to investigate the communal riot here.
Oh!
-Just a minute!
-OK
Sir?
Someone else too has come for you.
Oh! Such a nuisance!
Anyway. tell him to come inside
Okay sir!
Sir?
Come inside.
I have come to inquire
about the communal riot.
It's not a major issue
like you Journalists say.
It was just a small fight
between two guys.
and we have taken care of it.
I just want a copy of the FIR.
Sir!
Hey. Gopi.
Ah. Nath!
Did you reach here early?
Yeah. I left early.
Oh. Sorry sir!
So. you are Nath. sir?
Some people call me that way.
Myself Jayakrishnan!
-from Special Branch.
-Yea. I know sir!
I have known about you well
since the Poovar case.
Thomas sir had mentioned
that you would be coming
I see
but I didn't recognize you earlier.
You were supposed to come tomorrow.
So I thought it might be a media Journalist
Sorry. sir!
That's alright.
I just stopped by on my way here.
Then. I will explain everything. sir
Sure!
Sir. this is Vimal.
- He’s in the army.
- Ok.
Around six months ago....
his sister eloped with someone.
People in this village are saying that
she eloped with this Yusuf.
Because. sir. Yusuf has a
bit of a bad reputation..
when it comes to women.
But this elopement incident was
something someone deliberately spread.
Oh. nothing like that actually happened?
Nothing like that happened. sir.
We investigated
But this girl is still missing.
He just came to his hometown on vacation.
and then. he gathered
some boys from his area
and went to Yusuf’s house
to create a ruckus.
At that time. Yusuf was not at home.
When Yusuf came to know
about this incident...
he gathered his friends and went
straight to Vimal's area. created a ruckus.
That's why. sir. eventually this became
the reason behind these communal issues.
somehow we managed to talk
and settle the issue.
No sir!
They entered the house
and created a scene..
while there were no men at home.
That’s why we had to go back
and do the same.
Sir. after all that they have done..
how can I just go back peacefully?
You went there and created trouble first.
Isn’t that why they came to question you?
Sir. that's because he
eloped with my sister!
She had grown older
without getting married.
and the villagers kept mocking her.
I got fed up hearing all that
and joined the army.
Thinking that with the money I earn.
I could somehow arrange her marriage.
After all that. how can I just sit back
and do nothing. sir?
Honestly. sir. I don’t even know that girl
He is lying. sir
How do you know that?
Everyone here knows about
his history with women.
And that temple priest
has also seen them together.
Not just that. she even wrote in her letter
that she was leaving because
he was a Muslim guy.
Did you actually see it yourself?
Yes. I saw it myself. sir.
At what time did you
see them together?
It was one evening around 6 o'clock.
near Kannumammood.
Is it really him that you saw?
But sir. I saw him from the side.
So. it seems like it might be him.
Then. no further actions
were taken in this case?
Actually. you know well. sir
When we received the
letter from their home.
it was clear that the
girl had ran away with somebody
so we decided not to
waste any more time.
However. when the problem arose later.
I had already reported it
to the Cyber Cell. sir
But no response came from there.
Anyway. fax all these photographs.
I'll operate with the Cyber Cell
OK. sir!
When it comes to my sister's life.
how can I not interfere?
Hey. we can understand that.
But if you act recklessly like this.
it will affect not just you
but also this family.
We are saying this after
thoroughly checking Vimal’s phone
On the very day she left.
her phone was switched off...
and after a few days.
it was turned on again.
However.
for several days before she left...
someone had been regularly calling her.
It was a guy from Attur. Tamil Nadu
not Yusuf. as you are thinking.
Got it?
Then. on the day you said the
temple priest saw them together.
Yusuf was right here in town.
But that guy from Attur was
with your sister that day.
Another thing is. when your sister left.
she went straight to Tirunelveli.
At that time. Yusuf was still here.
But that guy was waiting
for her in Tirunelveli
But the temple priest saw him. sir.
Hey. he's saying it without even
seeing the person's face properly.
Then. sir. what are you trying to say?
In this case. Yusuf is innocent anyway..
The fault is yours.
Let me say one thing.
don't create any unnecessary
trouble there any more.
I understand what you are saying. sir.
But anyway. I need to find that guy. sir
Hey. we will take care of that.
Bro. how many more days
will he be here?
It will be a few more days. right?
Within a few days. we will catch him.
Just catching him isn’t enough
we need to break his hands and legs too
We didn’t come all this way for nothing
'Calling: Shibu Police'
-Hello Brother!
-We got his address!
OK Anna!
What should I do?
Brother. just send to the message.
that’s enough
Don't make the trouble. okay?
No brother. I will take care of it
Start the vehicle
Anna. where is this Selviappan church?
-Selviappan church?
-Yes
There’s a town nearby.
Just go there and turn left.
Okay
Mom. I'm heading out.
Mom?
Yeah. okay.
Hey. come. come.. let's go!
Come fast!
Hey. start the vehicle!
Ma. isn't Stephen here?
He has gone to the town
to play carroms.
Oh. sir. shall we go there?
OK
-Who are you two?
-We are his friends.
Hey. go. hit him!
Hey. come and catch him!
Who are you guys?
Hey. move that scooter away.
Let me go.
Hey!
Who are you all?
Hey. take him. guys!
Go. move in!!
Come on. get in!
Let's go!
Get in fast guys! Leave! Leave!!
Tell me the truth!
Where the hell did you take her?
Who are you all?
Hey!
Who am I. huh?
You really don’t know. huh?
I truly don't know!
I really don't know!!
Asking like this won’t be enough. man!
He's a piece of crap!
Hey. go away man!
Hasn't Stephen come here?
No brother!
I called him since he was not here.
His phone is switched off.
His mother said that he came here.
But He hasn’t come here.
-Hey!
-Kick him!
I will take her with me. even
if I have to kill you for that.
Sir!
could he have ran away.
knowing that we're coming?
I don't think so.
- Hey. Ravi!
- What's it?
Hey!
Grandfather called...
Someone is attacking
Stephen near the hill
Come on guys!
-Hey. start the vehicle!
-OK sir!
Come on! fast!
Come on. let's go.
I truly don't know anything!!!
Sir!
Honestly. sir. I have no
idea who is she.
Don't you know. you son of a dog?
Hey. kill them! Kill them all!
Hey!
-Come on guys!
-Hey!!!
Hey! Come. let's go!
Come! Come fast!
Hey. Come fast!
Hey. come on!
Stephan!
I swear. sir. I’m telling the truth.
I don’t know who is she.
They beat me up after
showing this photo. sir.
Is this Stephen's number?
No sir!
How can that be right. Stephen?
This connection is registered
under your ID.
Check properly!
Sir!
That’s one of my
cousins' phone number
That SIM card is registered
under my ID. sir
Where is she?
Sir...
That. she was...
Eight or ten months ago...
She ran away with a carpenter guy.
After that....
I have no information about her. sir
What is her name?
Selvi. sir
Selvi.
'SELVI N'
Sir!
Everything Stephen said is true.
Back then. we found a
letter written by that girl
at their house about
she leaving with that guy.
so we didn’t follow up on the case.
Besides that. both the girl’s phone...
and the phone of the person who took her...
were switched off.
Sir. do you have the phone details
of the person who took her?
Yes sir!
It's a Kerala number. but...
there's suspicion that
the address is fake.
'Sindhu K S'
That way. sir.
We are from the police.
What's the matter. sir?
-Isn't Sindhu here?
-No. sir!
What happened. sir?
We need to inquire about something.
Where is Sindhu now?
Sir. it has been more than
a year since she left.
Where did she go?
I don't know that.
She eloped with someone.
Okay
'KERALA POLICE'
Sir. the phone number used by the
person who trapped Sindhu...
is registered under the name of
Shafana from Villupuram. Tamilnadu.
Shafana is also missing.
just like we mentioned
Shafana was last contacted
from a number...
belonging to Babitha from Kilimanoor
Babitha was then contacted
from a number registered...
in the name of Rakhi from
Kanyakumari Perunthur.
From Poonthura.
it has now reached Sheena.
Sir. this is just going on like this
The next person we need to look for is
a girl named Nila from Koodakonam.
There is also a possibility that
she too might gone missing like this.
So. until now. there wasn't
any action taken on these cases?
No sir!
That's because all the cases
were classified as elopements
our department neglected them
Moreover. right after the incident....
phone calls and letters were
came from those missing girls.
what they mention
doesn’t seem like a problem.
It’s all meant to create confusion and
delay the truth from coming out.
The families are waiting in that hope.
Also. all the missing
girls are either of...
marriageable age...
widows. or divorcees.
Probably that's why the families didn’t
take much interest in the matter.
Sir. do you know what’s odd in this...
each case has occurred
alternately in two different states
that is one case in Tamil Nadu....
the other in Kerala.
It keeps going like that.
The locations are significantly far apart.
I strongly believe this is a
well-planned operation. sir
because...
not a single missing girl has returned.
nor is there any information
about any of them.
Oh!
Overall. what do you feel
about this. Jayakrishnan?
Could this have been
done by a single person.
or is it an operation by a group?
Sir. I think this was done by one person.
If we check the call records and...
character map of the phone calls
that have recieved the houses.
It’s likely the work of a single person.
It could be for a sex racket.
I feel the same way.
Do one thing.
Jayakrishnan. focus on this case..
I'll call Kumar and inform him.
OK sir!
'II: THE GOLDEN PLAN'
Hey!
Chechi. isn't chettan here?
He's here. Boby.
Come and get in
Anna!
-Anna!
-Yeah
Oh. Is it Boby!
What happened?
It's been a while since you came here.
I just dropped by since
I was passing this way
Hmm
Chettan don't you have work today?
It's almost time to leave;
Go make some tea
OK
What happened. man?
Why do you look so dull?
I am in helpless situation chetta.
I made a small mistake.
Honestly. I came here
just to tell you that.
Yeah?
I had bought some cyanide for
our jewellery store's purposes...
and kept it in the sit-out area.
You know that neighbour Baiju?
His dog came and sniffed it.
and died on the spot.
It was some high-breed dog.
That man itself is a big issue.
he's making a huge fuss.
saying he'll file a police case.
I even tried to settle it with money.
But he isn’t agreeing.
If he files a police case.
it’ll be a big problem.
I'll call and handle that deal myself.
But. Where do you even get
this cyanide from?
That was needed for our gold work. and...
can be bought if we have
the proper license.
Isn't that all extremely dangerous?
Of course. it's.
Once it goes in. it’s done.
Chetta!
Chetta. somehow you have to
talk and settle this deal.
- Chetta!
- Yeah!
Yea. I'll call and handle that deal.
'MARI DYES AND CHEMICALS'
Brother. I'm coming from KS
Fashion Jewellery in Thirikadu.
-Huh. Thirikadu?
-Yeah
License.
OK
Have it.
Murali Anna! Murali Anna!
My name is Vivek!
My house is here in Kuttamala.
I came to tell you something
about my elder brother.
He's looking for a bride. and that's when..
a friend mentioned you.
Well. your elder brother means..
Well. my brother!
-He was married once.
-Oh!
but it ended up in a messy divorce.
After that.
he had decided not to marry again
But when everyone insisted.
he finally agreed
Hmm
Anyway. What is your caste?
We belong to Ezhavar.
Oh! When Ezhava comes...
Ok. Leave all that....
what are your demands?
We don’t have any such demands. Anna.
For my brother...
Actually....
He comes from a well-off family...
so dowry isn’t an issue.
The only preference is that
she should look decent.
Given the circumstances....
it can be someone who
was previously married
a widow. or...
even a woman of marriageable age
who hasn’t married yet.
So. the commission will
be reduced. right?
That and all we will do accordingly. Anna
-You don’t need to worry about it.
-OK then
In that case. I have a few of them with me
If I could get an advance.
Brother. you should show
the photos of the girls.
Because I need to send it
to my brother. that's why
Oh okay!
See...
This all seems good. right?
What is the price of this?
It's 250. Sister
Then how much is this?
Sister. Just a minute
What is your intention. sir?
You have misunderstood me.
Not at all.
I have noticed you following me
for the past two or three days.
Actually. Vidya. I don’t have
any wrong intentions
I see
How do you know my name?
Not just your name....
I know everything about you.
Sir. I understand where
you're going with this.
I don't have the time or interest for that.
Please. just leave me alone
and stop bothering me!
I just wanted to talk with you. that's all.
I know where you are heading
and that's exactly why I'm
saying I'm not interested.
It won't end well if you bother me again.
None of that is necessary.
I get the point.
Didn't your friend come today?
No. she didn't come
Are you working in Sapthaa Textiles?
No!
I work in KMP.
And you?
I am a clerk at the Melpara Village Office.
It’s time for the Rameswaram bus.
I’ve been waiting for you for a while.
Joshua Anna!
How long have you been noticing me?
That... I've been watching you for
quite some time.
-Is it so?
-Yes
But I've been noticing it for a week only.
That...
Thing is...
It's nothing… honestly i was
scared to talk to you.
Why?
After the demise of Ancy.
I found it a bit difficult
to talk to women.
You're coming on this same
bus tomorrow as well. right?
Yes
I thought you left through the back door.
For what?
Were you planning to corner them
and give a lecture?
For that. I would have
broken thier nose!
What a joke!
Yea. what?
I realized that yesterday on the bus.
That was because there
were people around.
Yea. I got it.
-See..
-Hmm?
There was something else
I wanted to say.
What's it?
Wouldn't it be nice if we get married?
I just said it casually. that's all.
-Hmm
-What hmm?
What?
You accepted my proposal or apology?
Both!
We might need to come here
again once we have kids.
Why is that?
That's the tradition here.
Now. are all your fears gone?
But I was never afraid of anything.
I could sense it just by looking
into your eyes!
'DEVI TOURIST HOME'
How was it?
That was nice!
Let's do it once more?
No
I'm feeling a little hungry.
Me too!
Then why don’t we go out and
grab something to eat?
At this hour?
Yea. so what?
It's not even eight o'clock yet!
-Okay. then let's go and have some food!
-OK
How's porotta?
Yeah. it was good.
but the meat was
a bit undercooked.
The taste was a bit lacking
Maybe that’s just the town’s taste.
Yeah!
You said the wedding
will be on the 26th. right?
Yea. what happened?
It's nothing!
But...
there won't be problem. right?
What problem could possibly come?
The marriage registrar here is someone
my friend knows well.
I have already discussed
everything and set it up.
Now only I remembered something.
You said it’s been two weeks
since your menstrual period. right?
Yeah. it’s been two weeks.
Then there's a possibility of pregnancy.
Oh!
Then...
Don't worry. we can take
some medicine for that.
No need to take any risk.
We can have children after sometime okay?
Hmm
Won’t it be better to take
this medicine in the room?
No. the sooner you take it.
the better. that's what he said
OK
Need to stay inside for a while. isn't it?
Yeah. of course. Just try to
sit for five more minutes.
He said that sometimes you may
feel the tendency to vomit.
-Okay
-Just go!
'III: THE INEVITABLE CROSSOVER'
Who are you?
We are from Kerala Police.
I just need to know some
details regarding a case.
Isn't Saroja here?
She's my mom. sir
and she's bedridden.
Mom?
Sir
What is it. sir?
I don’t get anything about it.
What's your name?
Viju
Is this Saroja's phone number?
Yes sir
A missing case of a girl...
is linked to this mobile number.
I came to clarify that.
Sir!
Mother’s phone number was lost
along with the phone. sir.
She is using a different number now.
So. when exactly was
that old phone lost?
That one...
That was a long time ago.
And you didn’t file a
complaint with the police?
Sir. that was an old model phone. sir...
It was switched off too.
That's why I just left it like that. sir.
I see
Then. has there been any
instance where...
..any women related
to this family went missing?
No. sir. there’s nothing like that.
But... can we fully trust Saroja's son?
Yes. we can trust him
We had the same doubt at first.
Then we cross-checked and
inquired about his background
We also found that there hasn't been
any missing case in his family
The missing phone of theirs...
is likely to have ended
up in suspect's else's hands
Is there a possibility of him stealing it?
Sir. I have that doubt too.
He may have used these
stolen phones for this purpose.
I have pointed out to Shankar Sir
that the seriousness of this matter
Okay.
-Sir. there's something else about it
-Hmm?
In the Kottayikkonam case.
Vimala's phone....
which was missing for a few days. had
been active for few days after her missing
OK
There has been communication from
that number to another number.
The details of that will be
available by tomorrow
To be honest. Sir. that is
where my hope lies.
Darling!
When will you go to Bombay?
I was supposed to go by next week.
But...
I called and requested
leave for next two weeks as well.
Why is that?
I don't feel like going
after I met you.
Will you come again tomorrow?
How can I not see you?
You can stay brave.
We can slowly convince your children
Okay?
Okay
First. give me your number.
'CONTACT NAME AS: ABHIJA'
Sir. that woman's name is Abhija.
Address?
We will get the details
within five minutes.
Anyway. it is in Tamil Nadu.
There is no any other
issue for tomorrow. right?
No. but still. there is a little fear.
Why be afraid?
Am I here with you?
As we move forward.
everything will be set right.
Where are we going to stay tomorrow?
Oh. that...
I have booked a hotel room
in Kollam.
There won’t be any problem there.
Which one of these is Abhija's house?
This one and who are you?
We are from Kerala Police.
We came to ask Abhija about a case
What case?
Is there any problem. sir?
No. there is no problem at all.
We just wanted to ask something.
Isn't Abhija here?
That crazy woman ran away
with someone two weeks ago.
Sir. is there any problem?
Sir. will she come back?
Come. Anand!
If this goes on like this.
it won’t be right. Jayakrishna.
But. sir...
Before the next attempt. we will
definitely be able to catch him.
Man. how can you be so sure about that?
I know very well about
your detective skills.
But right now. everything is
slipping out of hand...
Sir...
We have analysed all the phones in the
Cyber Cell and conducted mapping.
We are almost certain that the
suspect is a single individual...
Though he might have received
some help from outside.
However. during the exact
time of the incidents.
he has been active mostly in the...
Marthandam-Kumarakovil
area
Sir. if we focus our efforts there....
we will be able to catch him.
So. local police...
For the local police. I'll
contact the Thakkalla Deputy sperentent
OK
Then. I will go there tomorrow itself. Sir
But the mobile phone of abhijain
who went missing in the very last case.
will turn on soon.
Most probably
The outgoing call from that phone will
most likely to a woman in Kerala.
Sir. we can catch him with
the help of that phone call.
How did you (Rajesh) know that
I am on duty here today?
That was quite difficult to find out.
Tell me how?
Yeah. I'll tell you
Give me your number
If you're that smart....
find out where I'm on duty
tomorrow and come there.
Then. I'll give you the number.
Oh no. tomorrow won’t be possible.
I have duty tomorrow...
I'm free only on Wednesday.
Then come at that time.
and I’ll give you the number.
That's not possible!
Then how will I call you?
You’ve been patient all this time. right?
Just wait one more week.
Let me see what you will do.
Sir. we already have a heavy workload.
If we get a permanent police officer...
would be great helpful.
Mukundan Sir has specifically
mentioned all that. sir
and we've assigned someone from our side.
He was deputed as a
Special Branch Sub inspector.
and now he has returned
after the deputation ended
When he heard about this case...
He said he would join.
His hometown is in Arukani.
I think it will be helpful
to you with this case.
-Will he be joining today. Sir?
-Yeah. he'll
He's inside. Come!
Where is he?
Sir?
Jaykrishnan!
Stanley. Stanley Das!
Come.
When you said milky tapioca.
I thought it was cow's milk.
No. no. that's coconut milk.
Hmm. I realized it when I tasted it.
It was good.
I know
There is another restaurant nearby.
Huh?
There....
they have a combination of hot...
tapioca... fish curry...
and buttermilk curry...
with mango pickle added.
and it’s really good!
Do you want to try it?
Hearing that makes me crave for it.
Even if I said everything calmly.
What will you do if I leave you here
and escape somewhere?
I have no fear of that.
Why?
I know that you can't live without me.
Go!
'IV: RESOLUTION THROUGH A DISAPPEARANCE'
I was noticing that...
Stanley Sir speaks Malayalam so fluently.
Sir. my hometown is in Arukani.
Arukani? Where's that?
-Sir. do you know Amboori place?
-Yea. I know Amboori
In Amboori. several areas...
..are along the Tamil Nadu-Kerala border.
I see
The main town in
that area of Amboori...
is Arukani.
Even though Arukani is in Tamil Nadu.
there are a lot of Malayalis there.
Oh!
Anyway. that's good.
Isn't it mostly people migrated from
Kottayam and settled in Amboori?
Yea. there are others too. sir.
I see
Actually. sir...
I had a doubt.
Yes?
Hope you don’t mind me asking!
Go ahead. ask!
Sir. why does everyone
keep calling you Nath?
Sir.
Shall I explain it?
How would you know that?
Binu brother has already told me.
What does he know?
Um...
I know that Mukundan Sir is the
one who gave you that name.
I know that he's the one
gave that name.
But do you know why?
Yeah. of course.
Sir.
See. this Nath refers to something...
about the kind of an owl.
Among birds. this one is pretty smart.
Even if he stays low like this owl.
in the end. he'll somehow
crack the case...
and catch the culprit. right. sir?
It feels really nice to hear that.
But many culprits have
escaped from my hand.
Pavoor Sashi....
Devadas Sukumar..
Well. that's usual. sir.
No matter how smart we are.
one or two might be missed.
That's not a big deal.
Hmm
That's right!
But he completely made up the story.
So. what was the real story. sir?
It wouldn’t be right to say that now. sir.
Why is that. sir?
Is it because of 'A' Rated?
Kind of.
It's not like how you think of it.
Huh?
But Stanley Sir. weren’t you in the...
Special Branch for quite a long time?
Yeah
But there isn't much work there. sir.
It’s just like saying ‘Special Branch’
and roaming around
Then. it was during the
time of rejoining that...
I got to know about your case. sir
Oh!
So. that got me even more interested.
I myself went straight to
Mukundan Sir and asked..
-Whether I could join with you
-I see
and that’s how it all happened.
You’ve understood the nature
of this case now. haven’t you?
Yeah. I got it. sir.
Sir. looking at the current situation.
there's a chance that this could
be linked to a sex racket.
and they might be trying to
track down these women.
Oh. yeah!
I feel the same way. sir.
Isn't it already around thirty women?
No sir!
It’s just thirteen cases. right?
Yeah.
but looking at the way things are going.
I feel like it could be
even more than that.
Will it really go that far?
It will. sir. I'm sure of it.
Sir...
All the girls who travelled to Kerala...
switched off their phones in
different cities across Tamil Nadu.
Similarly....
the girls who travelled from
Tamil Nadu to Kerala did the same.
Now let's go to the Kerala side and...
check at the crime record
Bureaus from the areas...
where these girls went missing back then.
OK
We might find some clue
Stanley Sir!
You should take care of
the Tamil Nadu side too.
Sure
Sir. how is the Crime Records
Bureau here? Is everything okay?
Oh yeah. everything's all good. sir.
But there's one important thing...
that suspect will soon
switch on Abhija's phone.
So we need to catch
him through that lead.
Sir. you should follow up
with that cyber cell.
Okay sir!
Okay sir.
-See you
-Okay then!
Hello sir!
Yes. Anand!
Sir. didn’t Shahana phone get
switched off at Thiruvananthapuram?
On the very next day....
a lady committed suicide
in the bus stand restroom.
Oh!
It's an unidentified body.
And then. did you try
matching her photo?
-No sir!
-No?
I called you out of curiosity
after seeing it. sir.
I see
Then. quickly check
if the photos match...
and also make a copy of
that file along with it.
-OK. will do it. sir!
-Okay
Hello Sir!
Sir
The photo and identification
marks all match.
The person is indeed Shahana.
Hmm
Stanley sir had called.
The body found at Kanyakumari...
is indeed Chitra's.
Is it?
Hmm
What's the cause of this death?
Sir. they said it was due to poison.
Oh!
Since this is an unidentified case....
they haven't conducted
a detailed post-mortem.
Oh. that's alright.
Let me meet Thomas Sir.
and let's see if a
re-postmortem can be done.
OK
Since it's so old.
I don't think there will be any
benefit in doing a re-postmortem
I had seen the post-mortem report.
To be honest. everything
we need is already in it.
which means?
while found out those two bodies
It was pinkish in colour...
and when the stomach was opened.
there was a strong foul smell
At that moment itself.
I became suspicious.
Later. a paper bag was found near the body.
bags used for carrying medicine
and when those particles
inside the bags were examined
I confirmed it that
both individuals had consumed
..Cyanide!
Oh!
Another important point is that.
in both cases. sexual activity
took place before death.
Can we get the suspect's DNA sample?
No sir
Unfortunately. it is only
possible only for seven days.
Was there any mark on the body...
indicating a forced intercourse?
There was nothing like that.
There were two small bite marks.
like love bites.
Then it happened with their consent.
Yes
Still. the question is how the
cyanide entered the body.
It seems they consumed cyanide
after going to the wash room.
You know that cyanide consumption
leads to immediate death. right?
Still. what’s hard to understand is
why they were killed this way.
Jaya. I feel like this is something
a psychopath would do.
A normal person wouldn't
be able to do something like this.
Hmm
So. what’s the next plan?
We have a few similar cases in hand.
and we need to investigate
them thoroughly.
Hello Anand?
Sir. the body mentioned here is indeed her.
I matched and verified it.
Oh! Here too. the body was matched.
Is it?
Sir. there seems to be no end to this.
This will only end if we catch the suspect
How many bodies have
you identified so far?
Sir. until yesterday. eleven.
Are all of them following the same pattern?
Almost.
One or two are missing.
But most of them follow
the same pattern. Sir.
Shankar Sir said that.
the news shouldn’t be get out
under any circumstances
That will be better. Sir.
we will be able to catch him.
Still. I never thought
a criminal like this...
would come here and act so convincingly.
Sir. there is no such
history in South India.
Hmm
Next step?
Sir. a detailed forensic
examination is underway.
We need to go there and check.
OK
All these are items recovered
from the dead bodies.
They are all their personal belongings.
Among these. this one seemed odd to me.
This is not the usual
safety pin used by ladies
Then?
When I looked into it.
I found that it is a pin
used to attach nameplates.
mostly associated with uniforms.
Khaki thread!
A nameplate!
'STANLEY DAS'
What about these?
The cyanide was given
to them in these covers.
Everything was recovered
from the dead bodies.
we tried to retrieve the fingerprints
we haven’t go anything
clear enough for the mapping.
And this?
This was also recovered
from a dead body.
This also had traces of cyanide.
It seems like when the
paper bag was unavailable.
it was wrapped in paper and given.
Did you figure out what this is?
No
This is a notebook that has
been cut in half.
A page has been torn out from it.
Oh no!
Sir. isn't this the notebook
used by police officers?
Like this one.
Sir. we have roughly analysed the dates.
Some of these ladies used phones
that can be location-tracked.
Have those phones been used?
No. he hasn’t used those phones.
only took the SIM cards.
Each SIM card was used
in different phones.
So. what about those phones?
Yes. Sir. that’s what
we mainly investigated.
All these phones were shipped to...
a shop called AX Mobiles in Panachamoodu.
But there is no record of these
phones being sold from there.
'AX Mobile'
What happened. Anand?
Did you find anything?
Yes. got it. Sir.
Sir. the information you provided was..
from an old set of phones.
so it got delayed a bit.
Okay. you tell me the details.
Sir. as you know. we are
running the shop properly now.
Back then. there were
some fraud incidents.
What was that?
Without a proper address proof.
we had given some SIM cards
and the police raided the shop.
seized all the phones.
Later. after the case was settled.
they returned most of the phones.
But some phones were stolen by them. Sir.
Since they were the police.
we didn’t follow up on it.
The phones in the list you just gave.
are the ones they had stolen. sir.
Are you saying that the
Vellarada police took the phones?
Not Vellarada. Sir.
It was the Rajakkamangalam police.
How does that even make sense?
Rajakkamangalam Police
is in Tamil Nadu. right?
Sir! Here. the road separates Kerala
on one side and Tamil Nadu on the other.
Sir. this is now moving
from Kerala Police..
to Tamil Nadu Police.
just against what we suspected.
Hmm
'RAJAKKAMANGALAM POLICE STATION'
Please sit
How did it go?
-Everything is ready. Sir.
-OK
we need the details of all
the officers who worked here.
Including the senior officers?
I have all the details. Sir.
Murugan Sir has explained it in detail.
Oh!!
Nothing should be missed.
That's why it got delayed a bit.
How can we cross-check this now?
Anand.
Using the personal phone
number listed here.
create a position timeline map.
Then. match the suspect's position...
with the timing of the crime.
There will be one person
location matches in both instances.
OK
-Yes. Aravind!
-Good Morning. sir!
Sir. I just reached the
office and logged in.
and that’s when I noticed something…
Sir. the phone of Sharanya.
from our missing case.
was turned on yesterday.
Yesterday? At what time?
It was turned on last
night at around 10 PM.
which means. is it the same phone.
or was the SIM card changed?
It's the same phone. and
that's what makes me suspicious.
Oh!
It must have been turned on
under some circumstance.
Did you get the location?
It is being tracked. Sir
So far. we have confirmed...
that the signal came
from the Nagercoil area.
We will get the exact
location in about ten minutes.
'TAMIL NADU POLICE HOUSING CORPORATIONS'
Sir. this is a police apartment.
Should we wait until Stanley Sir arrives?
No need for that.
Sir. it's one of the
apartment in this building.
Can we determine
which floor it is?
That's not possible. sir.
Only the position can be detected.
Is the phone still on?
Yes it's. sir
It's on the ground floor.
We are from Kerala Police.
We came here for investigating a case.
My apartment is upstairs.
I see
Aren't the residents here?
Sir. what happened sir?
Husband?
He is a constable at
Villoonni police station.
His name is Mani.
Is that the person?
Yes sir!
We traced a phone.
and when we dialled it here.
we heard the ring inside from this house.
We just need to check it.
That's right. sir
A phone rang here.
but we also don’t know exactly
where the sound came from.
We are also looking into it.
but that’s not ours. sir.
Sir. no one here has a phone like that.
I know that. Where's Mani?
Went for duty in the morning. sir.
Can't you reach him?
It says switched off.
Try calling the station once.
What is the problem. sir?
Had to investigate something with Mani.
Let me try calling my husband.
How long have you been
living in Nagercoil?
About ten to twelve years. sir.
Hey. how come you are here?
Sir...
Sir. why are you here?
Is something wrong?
Sir. She is?
Sir. she's my wife. We live upstairs.
I see
Then Mani?
I have known Mani for a long time. sir.
What happened?
Sir...
It seems he hasn’t reported for duty.
OK
Sir. come for a second!
The phone we were searching
for was found here.
which means?
Didn't I tell you. sir. that the
culprit might be a police officer?
and that is Mani.
There is no chance of that. sir.
I know him very well.
Right now. I feel like I know him...
better than you do. sir.
'VILLOONNI POLICE STATION MAP'
OK then!
Any information. sir?
No information at all. sir.
The phone was off when
he left home at nine o'clock.
And. since the bike was found there.
He might have escaped in another vehicle
There is a pocket road there.
leading to Pottakada.
From there. we can
turn into all four directions.
Anyway.
I've sent faxes to all
the police stations. sir.
Stanley Sir
Sir. he's not someone
to be thought of lightly.
He's quite a genius.
and we will be lucky if we could catch him.
I couldn't believe all that.
He was just a poor fellow!
That's how these people are. sir.
What I’m thinking is.
how did he come to know
we would reach there?
That...
Sir. about an hour after you left out from
Rajakkamangalam police station.
the news spread like a flash
among the policemen.
Then. you know the nature of
the police officers. right?
I had warned them not to
speak about it outside. sir.
But...um
Still. sir...
Why do you think he kept
this one phone on?
What could be the reason?
Sir. this phone was found...
in the room of the child
who studies in the nursery.
I think he must have
taken all these phones...
and hid them in that room.
Yesterday. while taking out those phones.
he might have missed one...
Child might have got and turned it
on accidently while playing
and then. the child must have taken
the phone and hidden it under the bed.
You know what the problem is. sir.
this child is terrified and
isn't saying anything.
Based on what I know. sir.
Mani must definitely have...
some connections with
the local criminals here.
Though there are some
people who look decent...
and involved in criminal activities.
Oh no. maybe you can find it in the car.
If any of them is supporting him.
then it's doubtful we can catch him. sir.
Hmm
'MANI KUMARAN NADAR'
OK. I'll tell them.
OK
Jayakrishnan. leave that.
No matter how much we've investigated.
did we get any clue about him?
We can't let it go like that. sir.
Even after all the trouble he's caused.
we still can't catch him.
that's what makes me think.
Anyway. you have solved that case. right?
And that's the big thing itself.
Sir...
He is addicted to this matter.
Means?
Sir. let me tell you something.
You know. I used to live in Kattakada.
At that time....
there was a rat
problem in the house.
The rats were so troublesome...
that they started cutting
the wires of the car.
which caused even more issues.
I had no choice but to set rat traps.
At first. when the rats
fell into the traps...
I felt some hesitation
in killing them
not just the rats. but anything
I strangely felt hesitation
to kill them.
But as the problem got worse.
I had no choice but to start killing them.
Later. killing the rats became
somewhat of a relief for me.
and the rat problem in
the house was solved.
After that.
when I couldn't find a rat to kill.
I felt like something was missing.
As we say...
drug addiction.
sex addiction.
and similarly. there is this...
Killing addiction.
He won’t be able to stop
this addiction until he dies.
Jayakrishna!
This is a biological urge!
Just like cats and dogs....
humans are also a
different type of species.
In this regard.
if you look at dogs. even
within the same breed.
there are different types of personalities.
Similarly. human nature also
works in the same way.
When some people are born.
this instinct is already
embedded in their blood.
Due to the circumstances of our
current society and the legal systems.
this may remain silent within them.
In some special circumstances.
If he act on it...
and derive some satisfaction from it.
And if he can do it...
without getting caught by
society or the legal system.
Then over time.
he will continue down that path.
But in this case.
Mani....
may have left the country by now.
That's exactly what I think too.
But...
He is fluent in both Malayalam and Tamil.
So. we need to spread the news in the media
as much as possible in these two regions.
If any women get caught in his trap.
Again we will also be
responsible for it. sir.
That's true.
I'll deal with it the way it should be.
You take up that Poonthara case...
or else it will become a big problem.
I’ll take care of it. sir.
But in between....
I’m also interested in
following up on Mani’s case.
You can. but don’t ignore
that Poonthara case.
No. sir. that won't happen.
News: Constable Manikumaran Nadar from
Tamil Nadu's Villoonni police station.
a native of Arumana. suspected
to be involved in the infamous
cyanide murder series. has been
missing since the 14th of this month.
Police suspect he has connections
with criminal gangs.
News: Constable Manikumaran Nadar from
Tamil Nadu's Villoonni police station.
a native of Arumana. suspected
to be involved in the infamous
cyanide murder series. has been
missing since the 14th of this month.
Anyone with information about him...
should immediately report
to the nearest police station.
'V: REINCARNATION'
Hello!
Is this Retired Forensic
Surgeon Joseph sir?
Yes
Greetings Sir!
Are you busy. sir?
Who's speaking?
Sir. my name is Sethu.
I have worked as an assistant director
in a couple of Malayalam films.
Oh. I don’t watch many movies.
Ah. that's not a problem. sir.
Actually. I called to ask another question.
What's it?
Sir. actually. I was working
on a film script right now.
Even though the story is commercial....
our aim is to make it
as realistic as possible.
So. I had a question
related to its research.
which is why I called you.
You can ask. I'll share what I know.
I feel like I’m having some tension.
Why tension?
I don't know.
Is it the fear that I might go
and leave you in between?
Hey. nothing like that.
Not everyone can be
completely trusted like that.
Why are you taking the medicines?
I'm a bit diabetic.
It’s inherited.
-Did you check yours?
-What?
-Sugar-level?
-No
Really!
Then let's test it for you.
But. I don't have any
health issues .
Still. it's good to check
At this age.
it's better to check once. right?
Then there won’t be any problem.
Sometimes. my husband
also insist to check them.
He has been taking medicine
for the past five or six years.
Are you carrying this
with you all the time?
Yeah. I'm always full prepared.
-It's showing normal.
-Yeah
Hurry up and get ready.
Or else if we’re late.
my family will start doubting.
Try drawing while looking at it. Got it?
Write without playing!
Finished writing.
Check it properly!
-Dad
-Yes?
Yes. come!
Arm wrestling!
Ready! one. two. three. Start!!
Finished!
Once I grow up...
and taller like you.
I'll defeat you then.
Let my dear grow up.
Then we'll see.
"Once I grow up...
and taller like you.
I'll defeat you then."
She is my sister. sir.
It's been almost two or three years.
where is she? what is she doing?
I don’t even know who she is with Sir.
She is my sister sir.
How can I leave her like that?
She eloped with someone
who is not from this place.
There has been no information
about her until now.
Sir. she is our daughter.
One day. she eloped.
It’s been over a year since she left. sir.
She ran off with someone.
I am still living with the belief...
that she will return one day sir.
It's not time yet. is it?
No. there’s still another
half an hour to go.
Then I'll go have a cigarette
and come back.
Lijo. do you smoke?
I don't usually smoke much. but today...
I feel like smoking
when everything is over
That's your usual routine. right?
No habit or anything like it.
This is my first time. right
Hmm!
I was just joking about
this in the room. right?
-Were you joking?
-Yeah. of course
Or was that a mistake?
Why ask like that?
Nothing!
OK. go and be back soon.
In our rural area. from Karamana
to... Karamana. Pappanamcode.
Kattakada. and Neyyattinkara. incidents
that happened over the past week.
We have gathered here now to
collect details about the crimes.
The POSCO cases there. as well as thefts.
Monitoring those involved
in other gang activities.
-You’re already here?
-Please sit!
I was at the other side in a meeting.
so I couldn’t pick up the phone.
Why did you call. Aravind?
Sir. I was a bit busy with
the Thevaramala case.
And to be honest. it was only
when you called this morning
that I decided to follow up
again on the cyanide case.
That's when I noticed something.
Vanaja's phone. which was
linked to that case.
was switched on once near
Adoor about a week ago.
Then?
It stayed on for just a couple of minutes.
In that short time.
a missed call was made from
that phone to another number.
To whose phone was that?
It’s a number belonging to
a woman from Payikkod.
I’ve noted down the details.
I’ll take a printout and
give it to you now. sir.
What could have happened. sir?
Who are you?
We are from Kerala Police.
Isn't it Anagha's house?
Yes it's! Um...
What happened?
Anagha's phone number was
linked to one of our cases.
Are you the father of Anagha?
-No. I'm her father-in-law
-Oh OK
Isn't Anagha here?
She was here.
About four days ago.
she went to my son’s place.
-Where's it?
-He's in Dubai
Oh!
Can you connect me to
Anagha on the phone?
Oh. sorry sir!
She had a health issue...
and was admitted to the hospital.
She’ll be coming here
tomorrow for a surgery.
Would it be okay to meet
her in two days?
OK
What's your name?
James!
OK alright!
Sir!
What exactly is the problem. sir?
Who are you?
Anagha is my elder brother’s wife.
I see
I’ll discuss that with her directly.
There’s a slight problem with that. sir.
What's it?
Anagha passed away this morning.
It was a sudden heart attack.
Since her son is staying here.
we haven’t told our father
or mother anything yet.
Her body will be brought here tomorrow.
Hmm!
Sir. Anagha's phone...
is also linked with that culprit's phone.
So I have a suspicion about it.
I have thoroughly checked
the postmortem report.
We specifically asked the doctor.
and he confirmed that
this was an heart failure.
Hmm!
But. sir. there's no
reported medical issue ...
like that in their family.
What do you think?
I have a small doubt on this.
If that's the case. will they be willing
for a detailed postmortem?
There could also be a chance of
some sacrilege issues in this.
Sir. I personally pleaded with the family.
and they have agreed to do it.
Ok
If that's the case. you can proceed.
I'll call and inform them.
Should we involve forensics and...
conduct a detailed examination on this?
Hmm!
I have a suspicion that
this might be an induced one.
Then I'll inform him about this.
- Sir
- Ok
Even though it was a bit difficult.
we got the evidence.
The chemical analysis of the body...
detected the presence of Digitalis.
Oh!
This substance induces heart attacks
and is a potent poison.
Depending on the amount
that enters the body...
death can occur instantly...
or even after several days.
Leelamma!
But this cannot be detected
in a routine postmortem.
Oh!
What’s bothering me isn’t just this.
An incident like this...
has never been reported here before.
So. does that mean
it’s not available here?
Not like that.
Not just in movies.
It can be made here by oneself as well.
This can be extracted from
the kurungari [foxgloves] plant.
which is available here.
For those who know about it.
making this is not a difficult task at all.
This is something only an expert can do.
A normal person
wouldn't be able to do that.
That’s what I’m thinking...
How does a common police constable
get this much information?
That's possible.
Being a police officer. they might have
some acquaintance with
a forensic expert. right?
Hmm!
Then?
Sir. we have been thoroughly
searching for the past few days.
and some cases have certain similarities.
But after checking the phone details.
we found that the women
who died of heart attacks
in Varkala and kottoor were
actually those who fell into his trap.
which means?
Which means he is still active.
Sir. this Mani hasn’t left
the country or even the state.
Not just that.
he’s now doing his work more
professionally than before.
He’s so confident that
he’ll never get caught.
which is why he uses the
same phone for every case.
But the problem is that
the SIM card he’s using is fake.
But it is our duty to ensure that
no more incidents like this happen.
I get it. sir!
Sir. we can issue an alert by publishing
his photo across all media platforms.
Okay!
Sir. the problem we have here is...
that he doesn’t need to be present at
the scene when the murder happens.
He only has to find out later through
the news that the victim has died.
That makes it even more
challenging for us.
Sir. the peculiarity of
the current cases is...
that all the victims were living
with their families and husbands.
Since the cause of death
was a heart attack.
we don’t see
any criminal nature in them.
We have the cases that
are the ones from Kerala.
But I strongly believe
similar incidents might
have happened in
Tamil Nadu as well.
Anyway. I have already
informed Stanley Sir.
Okay!
What happened?
There’s a slight problem.
What's it?
I need to go.
Now. I don’t think we can
make it happen today.
Didn't you say that the room
was booked for this evening?
That's right.
You know my wife. right?
She found out about us. and
she’s the one who called us.
-Wife. huh?
-Yes!
Didn't you tell me that
you were divorced?
I just said that casually back then.
I don’t understand.
Just explain it to me and then go.
That's why you're sitting here now.
Just because I lied to you back then.
'VI: THAT CATCH AT THE STRAW'
She doesn’t remember
seeing Sanal like that.
She was too young that time.
Hmm
At that time. there was no issue.
But recently. she has been
asking about her father
and saying that she misses him.
I see
That must be the green
signal for me. right?
You can say that.
There is nothing to worry about. right?
But somehow. I feel scared to go there.
No need to be tense.
We will sit and talk peacefully
for some time. that's all.
That’s not the issue.
What if someone who knows us sees?
We can adjust all that.
-How?
-I'll tell you
Still. I won’t come.
Why?
I know that taking a room in a lodge is
not just for sitting and talking.
Then?
I know all that.
Why?
Don't you like it?
Not because of that.
Then?
Don't you trust me?
Then what’s the problem?
Mom. why are you smiling?
I didn't smile.
I saw you smiling. Mom.
Hmm
Tell me mom.
That. I'll tell you later.
Who don't you tell it now?
There are some issues. Ponnu.
Once everything is sorted out.
Mom will tell you.
Okay?
Don't worry!
It's something you like.
Hmm! I got it.
What?
I understood all of that.
Tell me. what is it?
Dad?
You kiddo!
What shall we do next. sir?
Anyway. he must be taken down
before the next attempt
Yeah
If this guy has been with
so many women. sir.
He must be approached many women. right?
Uh!
No matter how many alerts we've given.
not even a single person
has provided any information.
Right?
Hmm
Actually.
There is no use blaming the women. sir.
they are just looking
after their own lives.
If they get involved in cases like this.
then they will not be involved. right sir
-Hey. stop the vehicle
-What happened. sir?
We need to go to the office.
Ok sir!
Sir
Which case is this?
Is this the Muttom case?
No one here?
Hey!
Is there no one here?
Who's that?
Your son is not here?
What happened sir?
We had come here some time ago for a case.
I remember. sir.
OK
There were one or two things
we needed to find out about it.
You said your mom's phone
was stolen. right?
Yes sir!
There’s a little bit of
clarity needed on that.
It was on March 4th that.
as you said. the phone was stolen
and switched off.
Sir. how can I remember
the dates for such things?
It was a long time ago. right. sir?
That's not something to remember like that.
We had tracked it.
before the phone was stolen
this phone travels from here
to Thakkalay in the morning
and returned in the evening.
This was its usual pattern for 6 months.
On a last March 4th.
that pattern stopped.
and after that. the phone went straight
to Kerala and switched off there.
Sir. I don't know anything about this.
What is the issue now. sir?
I am getting to that point.
you wait for a moment.
You said this phone was stolen. right?
We thought that after the phone was stolen.
someone was constantly calling on it.
Now we understand that...
the calls were taken place
before the phone was stolen.
Who might those calls?
Who was being called?
We need to know both of those details.
No sir!
Even though the phone was
in my mom's name.
I was the one used the phone.
Sir. I don’t remember any such
calls coming to that phone.
I see!
See. Brother!
We came here to sort things out so that
it wouldn't cause any trouble for you.
We're saying this for your own good.
Now. this is an investigation where both
Kerala Police and Tamil Nadu
Police are collaborating.
If you doesn't cooperate.
we will have to come with a warrant
and take you with us.
That's not all. Viju!
We have full details about
your sister Divya working...
in medical lab during
the period in Thakaley.
So. someone loved Divya.
got close to her. cheated
her and eloped. right?
Yes sir!
But before anyone else
could find out about it.
she was married off and sent away.
Now she's living happily
with her little child.
Thinking about her future.
everything was kept
hidden from everyone. sir.
Anyway. we need Divya's address. Viju.
Oh no. sir!
Please don’t involve
Divya in this again. sir.
Please sir! She is living
a peaceful life now.
Don't worry. Viju!
From our side.
she won't face any trouble.
We just need to know one
or two things. that's all.
We will handle it in the appropriate way.
My brother had called me. sir.
He told me that you officers had met him.
You don't need to tense about it.
We just need to get one or
two pieces of information.
There won't be any other trouble.
How did Divya get to know him?
That...
Sir. he used to occasionally travel
on the same bus I regularly take.
I got to know him when he
started following me back then.
Because of the age difference between us.
I never mentioned anything
about this at home.
Then how did you escape from him?
Sir. that day. before I could
return from the wash room.
he took my phone and bag and escaped.
I searched for him everywhere there.
That’s not all. both the
phones were switched off.
That's when I realized. sir.
He took advantage of me and left.
Wash room means. where is that place?
It was at the Kattakada bus stand.
When you went to the wash room.
did he give you anything to eat?
Any pill. candy. or something like that?
No
Divya!
We know more than you think.
No information will go out.
So don't overthink and worry about it.
That...
He said there was a chance of pregnancy.
So he gave me medicine.
Then why didn’t you take it?
No cash on hand.
so he said not to have kids for now
After my mom's retirement...
she credited some of the
retirement fund to my account.
But I thought of telling him this later.
With the confidence of having that cash.
I didn’t take that medicine.
Any other information about him?
Remember anything?
He really likes old Tamil movie songs.
He often listens to songs
from the movie Semburam.
Isn't this the guy?
This is not him. sir!
NO?
No!
Please take a close look!
Sir. how could I not know?
This is not him.
Then you need to help us.
I'll bring an artist to sketch that person.
Oh no. that's not possible. sir.
Sir. if my husband finds out that
you came here. it will be a problem.
Sir. please. I can't do it.
That day. because you didn’t
take the medicine he gave you.
you walked out of that wash room alive.
That medicine was mixed with cyanide.
Do you know...
that more than twenty
women who trusted him
and took that pill are
no longer alive today.
Not just that.
He is still continuing his
crimes without any trouble.
Divya!
You are the only lead we have.
for us to catch him.
Sir!
I don’t know if I can do it. sir.
but I will try.
OK
Sir. it seems like he is not
as smart as we thought.
Why is that?
See. he doesn't know that
this woman has escaped from him
How can we be sure that
he doesn’t know?
No. if he knew it.
wouldn’t he have tried to go
after her and kill her. sir?
I don't think so
If I were in his place.
I wouldn't have gone after her.
-Hello!
-Hello Sir!
I am Divya. speaking.
Sir. someone informed my husband...
that you came here yesterday.
There’s some trouble here because of this.
We haven’t told
anyone anything. right?
Not you. sir. Someone else has told.
I convinced him to some extent...
by saying that it’s an
old cheque case of Viju.
Please. sir. don't come here.
But Divya!
We were about to come there with
the person to draw the sketch.
Sir. even if you take me there now.
I won’t be able to help
you with this any more.
If my husband finds out about this.
My child and I won't be alive. sir.
Please. I'm begging you
Please. don't disturb me any more.
OK
This girl had been regularly travelling...
on your bus for a while.
Yes. sir. I remember...
For 5-6 months in a row.
she used to travel on my bus.
This girl was close to someone...
who regularly travelled with
her on that bus.
Do you know him?
If you ask like that.
I’ve seen a person with
that girl occasionally.
but I’m not sure if it's the same
person you're referring to.
It could be a person she works with.
Are you sure?
That's how I remember it.
Then that won’t work. sir
Hello. Stanley Sir!
Sir...
Now. is it possible to do
anything in Divya's case?
Oh. I let that go.
That won't happen.
Then what should we do next?
A new person has come.
Who's that?
I just went to see the bus conductor of
the bus she used to travel on regularly.
He said he remembers someone.
But he says it can
be a person who...
had been working with her.
I thought of trying
to sketch a rough...
image and heading to his house.
The artist is with me.
Where is that place?
That place is Pathukaani.
Oh. then I will also come. sir.
Send me the address.
It's quite close from here.
Then you come there.
I'll send you the address.
-OK Sir
-OK
Anna!
Come inside. sir!
Sir. I am on my way there now.
There is every chance that
the culprit could be aggressive.
I have the service pistol with me.
If any emergency arises.
I will use it.
That eyebrow is a little bit higher up.
Done sir!
- Finished?
- Almost sir!
Are you sure this is the person?
Yes sir!
He was the one who was
with that girl that day.
You got here right on time
Got him.
Sir. I have seen you somewhere before.
Sir. were you in the
traffic police department?
No
My house is in Arukani.
Sometimes you might
have seen me there.
Oh!
Sir!
One possibility is that he and
Mani did everything together.
Otherwise. he might have done it alone
and put all the blame on Mani.
Is it even possible to do
something like that. sir?
Can't say anything for sure.
Anyway. we need to catch
him as soon as possible.
Hmm
But even if we catch him.
all the evidences we have
are weak. right sir?
We haven't even
got a strong witness.
That's right!
What he said was right. wasn't it. sir?
What?
That. isn't all the evidence
we have are weak?
In this case. the most involved person...
is the missing Mani.
If we thoroughly search about him.
we might get some evidence.
Some cases don’t even
require a lot of evidence.
Oh!
Then. his photograph is being faxed and
shared everywhere now. right sir?
Hmm
'VII: THE WAILING FACTOR'
He can't stop it until he dies.
Now. has the fear gone away?
Yeah
I have booked the room
for tomorrow anyway.
Hope you don’t change your
mind at the last moment.
No. I will definitely come.
That depends on the quantity.
If the amount is less.
it will take a few days;
If it is more. death will occur quickly.
Ponnu. Mom has work at night duty today.
You have to sleep with grandma. okay?
Oh no. isn't the science exhibition
at school tomorrow?
That's okay.
Mom will come early tomorrow.
How?
If you leave for night duty.
you'll be back by 10. right?
No dear!
Mom will ask for permission
and come early.
-Are you sure?
-Yeah. Sure!
Eat
You have to finish eating. okay?
Have this milk.
You must finish it. okay?
OK then! Alright!
That was Naser.
What did he tell you. sir?
That has been confirmed.
I see.
Palayyan Nadar!
-His mother's house was here. right. sir?
-Yes
Stop by that shop for
a moment. let's ask them.
Okay sir.
Don’t ask. I left home on time.
and luckily got the bus on time.
But the bus got stuck for a while
because of the temple festival.
- Is that why you got this late?
- Yeah.
I got worried when you
didn’t answer my calls.
Brother. I had already booked a room
when I came here yesterday.
-What was your name. sir?
-Ameer!
Ameer.
Ameer?
Oh. yes sir. Your ID card?
The guy who was here yesterday
said that ID card wasn’t required.
That won’t work. sir.
It’s not possible without ID card.
There have been one or
two police cases before.
How's that possible?
That guy said it wasn’t required.
That guy is a bit irresponsible. sir.
Sir. if you need a room today.
you must provide an ID card.
What is Ponnu saying?
Here. sir.
It seems like she understood something.
Room number is five. sir
Any update?
Ok. I'll come right away.
You are little scared. right?
Yeah. a bit!
Hmm
I can change all that for you.
Don't worry.
I just want to confirm one thing.
Who is it. Divya?
That... that's the LIC agent.
Just say that we don’t need any policy.
Yea. I have told him.
What happened?
Sir...
Sir. do you need anything else?
No need. Just give me a little peace.
Oh. Sorry sir!
What's it?
I had something to tell you. sir.
What's the matter?
Sir. you are from Tamil Nadu. right?
So?
You work in tamilnadu
police department?
Why did you ask that?
I saw a photo of you in
uniform in your purse. sir.
Oh!
Sir. could you do me a favour?
What's it?
Sir...
I had only one daughter.
A few years ago. she went missing.
The police investigated. and the
search reached Thirunelveli.
but then it stopped.
Now. if the Tamil Nadu police have to
take up this case.
to get the justice
Otherwise. they dont do anything. sir
Just pretend to investigate
and doing nothing.
Hmm
Let me look into it.
Sir...
Inside this. you can find her
photo and all the details
OK
Alright then. sir. Good night.
I need his location on the
day Mani went missing.
I got it. sir!
Who was that?
That. he just came for the tip.
Do you want something to drink?
I don't need anything right now.
maybe later.
What's in that cover?
That is the receipt from here.
Yes Vinu!
Hello Sir!
We got another call claming
that they saw the culprit.
What happened?
Let me go out and have a cigratte.
-Hello?
-Yeah. Didn't you sleep?
No
How are things there?
What could it be?
It's just the same as before.
Shucks!
-Didn't find that person. right?
-NO
Sir said to wait and check until morning.
Oh!
So. you're not coming back today?
No. I’ll take a room somewhere here.
- Did the kids sleep?
- Yeah
OK
I'll call you in the morning
-OK fine
-OK
Anna!
What are you doing here. Stanley sir?
Oh. there's a case of special branch.
I came here for that investigation.
What is it. sir?
Is it something confidential?
Oh. that's why I didn't call. sir.
-Sit!
-No need.
Circle inspector is here. in the room.
Oh!
Sir. why are you here?
I got a call claming our guy was...
spotted somewhere around here.
I came searching for that.
I see
Are you free tomorrow?
I'll be free after noon tomorrow. sir.
-Oh. then call me when you're free.
-OK
-We can go after him together.
OK. shall I go to his room then?
He's some sort of tricky person.
Oh. OK
Call me tomorrow!
Sir. do you have a copy of the
drawing the artist made that day?
No. sir. I haven't taken any of that.
Then keep this copy with you.
OK
Sir. this?
Are you sure that
this is the person?
Yes sir!
He was the one who was with that girl.
Sir. I’ve seen you somewhere before?
Sir. were you in the
traffic police department?
No!
My house is near Arukani!
Sometimes you might
have seen me there.
Oh!
'VIII: MURDEROUS RAGE'
What did you think?
The story behind my
name [Nath] was true?
That Shashi and Devdas
didn't escape from my hands.
Even if Nath stays up all night
and sits on a tree.
and if he feels hungry.
before dawn breaks. he will catch rats.
kill them. and eat them.
and no one will ever know!!
Hey. this hunger thing...
is not just for Nath.
If someone is born as a rat.
they have to end up...
in the mouth of a snake or an eagle?
That’s just how it is!
So don’t stand up to speak for the rat
that got caught and died in between.
Do you get it? Huh?
Subtitles by SapTitles
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm